# Week Three

I spent this week researching more into what tools I could integrate into my DevSecOps Pipeline that would provide those useful checks on the codebase. This week I nailed down what code quality tool I wanted to use, and installed it into the project, The code quality tool that I have chosen is Eslint. Eslint, like many other code linting tools, is able to run a set of rules against the codebase to look for things like unused variables, or variables with wide type scope. Eslint is sort of like our Prettier check in that the check is to make sure that anyone contributing to the project is following our code quality rules.

We also spent some time researching what tools we could use in the pipeline to scan our Infrastructure as Code to look for any security misconfigurations in our AWS resources. I ran the tool first manually in the terminal to see what sort of output we'd get and to see the customizations we have available. The tool that we landed on for IAC scanning is Checkov by BridgeCrew.io, it is an open-source tool with many checks that can be ran against CloudFormation templates. One thing to note is that we are using the AWS CDK to build our architecture which is not natively supported by Checkov, but are using a sort-of workaround where we used the `cdk synth` command to synthesize the CDK code into CloudFormation templates; and then obviously scan this output with Checkov.

This next week we will be starting to build some secure constructs that will serve as reusable CDK components for building applications from. I will spend most of the first half week researching into and documentating the [infrastructure](/docs/INFRASTRUCTURE.md), and then later in the week we will define some constructs for Lambda, S3, and API Gateway

Both of these new tools have been added to the pipeline and can be seen in the latest action run for this latest commit. Come and see the pipeline run and the project evolve over time at - https://github.com/kuzirh/SecureMicroServicePattern
