# Week One

The first week of the project was spent doing a ton of research and set up for the project. Since I want this to be an easily maintainable and reusable project, I have spent time figuring out things like what technology stack to use or what cloud provider I would like to use. I settled on using AWS to host the microservices, meaning I will be building using API Gateway and Lambda; There will be more information on the pattern that is chosen as more building is done. I have also chosen to use the AWS Cloud Development Kit, which is akin to an SDK (Software Development Kit) in that it is a robust set of APIs that will be used to programmatically interface with the AWS account to create our resources. I also spent time deciding on where to host the project. I was between GitHub and GitLab but ultimately went with GitHub due to past experience with the source control platform and I have more of a following there. Since I will be using GitHub, I will be making use of GitHub actions to create the pipeline for the project. What will be included in the pipeline has started to be outlined in PROJECT.md and will further be broken down in PIPELINE.md.

An important thing to note is that this project is meant to be a living creation, meaning that the progress can be seen unfolding in the commits. These progress reports, and the project itself is open and viewable by the public; which means you too can watch the progress from GitHub as well. In fact I encourage you to check out the project on GitHub as it will make a ton more sense having all the markdown files available for viewing.

This upcoming week will be spent further fleshing out the documentation and project structure, and I will also get started on crafting the pipeline that we will be using for secure microservice deployments. For the next week's progress report I look to make more progress with the PIPELINE.md documentation, once I have tasted and seen what security tooling is possible using GitHub Actions.

Feel free to vist the repo at - https://github.com/kuzirh/SecureMicroServicePattern
