# Week Four

This week was spent doing some research into what technology will be used in creating our microservices. Since I have the most experience building applications using AWS, I have chosen it as the platform that I will use to build microservices on. I spent time defining what microservicces are, and how was plan to make use of the AWS CDK and CloudFormation in order to build; All of the research can be found in the infrastructure readme [here](/docs/INFRASTRUCTURE.md). To go along with the infrastructure that we are creating for the project, we also plan to develop a set of patterns that can be used as common building blocks for microservices. For example, most microservices make use of a lambda function, instead of writing the CDK code that defines a lambda function each time we create a microservice we will develop a base lambda function resource that can be further built on. Having a library of AWS infrastructure as code means that we can build in security patterns and make doubly sure that misconfigurations of architecture can't happen as easily. A basic microservice has been described and it's visual can be found [here](/docs/Images//microservice.JPG), this is the first basic microservice that we will build using all of our secure patterns and our DevSecOp pipeline.

This upcoming week I plan to make more progress on the reusable constructs, including writing unit tests for the constructs. I also look forward to building the first microservice that will be used by the application, it has not been defined yet but it does not matter it's functionality as it is purely just to show off our secure microservice pattern and the process that an application may take in the real world to harden and application through the Software Development Lifecycle. I encourage you to follow the progress of the project on GitHub as it is ever evolving - https://github.com/kuzirh/SecureMicroServicePattern
