# Week Two

This week we start to see some of the moving parts of the project come together. In the first week we had the creation of the repository and the beginning of the documentation and structure for the project.In this passed week we see an expansion on the documentation front, specifically centered around the pipeline architecture. TO surmise a bit, this secure deployment pipeline will be used as our CI/CD mechanism as we build out the rest of the secure microservices pattern. 

While documentation is major component to the project, we see the creation of a rudimentary pipeline that consists of some static checks on the code base. This project will be making use of GitHub Actions as a way to try and keep the cost of deploying microservices securely down. Another useful benefit to using GitHub Actions is that the code is already being stored remotely on GitHub so there is no need to integrate with a third-party delivery system. 

Currently there are two stages in the pipeline, with a third in development currently. The first branch of the pipeline handles running a code format check across the code base, this is so that we can make sure any code being pushed to a remote branch is following our standards. The next check in the pipeline are the unit test, which are written using Jest, these serve as functionality and edge-case tests for what will eventually be lambda function code. A quick note, I would eventually like to have unit tests for the infrastructure as code, but this is not the main focus at the moment. More on pipelines can be found in the pipelines markdown file.

In the upcoming week I would like to accomplish connecting up some additional actions within GitHub for other security tooling; I will also continue to fine tune the documentation. All live updates can be followed in the commits of the project at - https://github.com/kuzirh/SecureMicroServicePattern